==PADAUK Part numbers==

Main numbering scheme (most of these devices can be found in the official catalog pdf):

P{G,F,M}{C,S}nNN(c)

F: Flash
G: Flash + EEPROM
M: OTP

C: High ESD and high noise tolerance
S: Low ESD and low noise tolerance

n: Number of hardware threads ("FPPAs")

NN: Part number suffix, numeric

(c): Optional part number suffix, alphabetic; possibly a revision code.

Odd stuff:

Apparently, there are some PES50N(c) parts. No information is known on those.
There is a PGR431 part. No furhter information is known.

XDM{1,2,3,4}n0N

These devices apparently consist of the die of a Padauk device from the main numbering scheme and additonal components in the same package. Support for them in Mini-C is recent.

1: Various
2: Various
3: unknown
4: One 24C02 serial 2 Kb EEPROM.

N: Number (just assigned serially)

XN1{2,3}{1,2}0(c)

(c): Optional part number suffix, alphanumeric.
No further information is known on these.

PDK22CNN(c)

NN: Part number suffix, numeric
(c): Optional part number suffic, alphabetic.
A lot of these were supported by older versions of Mini-C; since support for all of them has been dropped.


P201C{D,S}1{4,6}A

Some of these were supported by older versions of Mini-C; since support for all but one has been dropped.

P23{2,4}C(cnn)

Many of these were supported by older versions of Mini-C; since support for all but one has been dropped.

EV_2
ip5{d,c}
MCU371
MCU390
PDK82C1{2,3}
PDK_3S_EV
PDK_EV5
PDK82S_EV

Those are only known from Mini-C files. Nothing else is known about these.

DF329
DF69
MCS11

These are missing from Mini-C and the catalog, but there are datasheets. All of them are pdk16 devies with 8 hardware threads.

DF319
DF339

These are missing from Mini-C and the catalog, but there are datasheets. However, teh datsheets contain little information. These are probably pre-programmed OTP devices for use as motor controllers.

